we are now on the pre-show of the movie planes
fire and water
I'm prescriptions of waiting films of 25 degrees
childhood I can handle
and I won't get diplom for a long time
counted each plane
the movie was watched and I just learned the flow
what turns out to be this continuation of the movie
cartoon planes out in the past
the year and the main character is the same
fields more modest by plane which
working with household spray and
despite the fact that it works on
simple provincial
the airfield he dreams of taking
participation in the races of the fastest aircraft
only here is dasti and I am very afraid of heights
bust
in the airplane cartoon fire and water
Dusty is already an air legend
races and but then he finds out that his
the engine is badly damaged and it is already
will never be able to participate speed
air races nonetheless
fate gives him another chance and
he will get acquainted with
fire and rescue team which
leads veterans
Aviation by name and ranger screw funny
moments
jokes related to aviation is the most
cool try wheels push out
her pro and tips under me clean
pretty close to the fire
the earth I never understand how it is
can be parachuted and
perfectly normal airplane crap
you now
but in general it turned out very kind and sweet
and most importantly light is cool so
I advise you to look to plunge into childhood and
maybe there go children and little brothers and
and our smaller brothers